docs/mvp/explicit-non-goals.md, before:

Explicit non-gorals (Out of scope for MVP)

Summary: It is important for the team to consider user satisfaction; however, not all requested features will be included in the initial release. 
The Minimum Viable Product (MVP) focuses exclusively on core gameplay mechanics, including object spawning, collision detection, and score and attempts tracking. 
Features that are out of scope include multiplayer functionality, advanced performance optimization, an advanced user interface and persistent storage.

- Gameplay scope
    Multiplayer or online mode
    AI opponents or competitive mechanics
    Procedural level generation
    Advance difficulty scaling algorithm
- User Interface (UI)
    Advanced animations and effects
    COMplex sound design
    Visual customization (themes, skins, etc..)
    Advanced sprites design and animations
- Technical
    Object pooling or performance optimization
    Advanced data storage (saving high scores to database or cloud)
    Cross-platform
- Marketing
    Monetization features (in-app purchases)
    Analytics
    DLC content
    App store optimization

Commit message:

Clarify MVP non-goals and core mechanics
Updated the description of the MVP to clarify core mechanics and non-goals.

docs/mvp/explicit-non-goals.md, after:

Explicit non-goals (Out of scope for MVP)

Summary: It is important for the team to consider user satisfaction; however, not all requested features will be included in the initial release. 
The Minimum Viable Product (MVP) focuses exclusively on core 2D game mechanics, including object spawning, energy collection, and score and remaining lives. 

Features that are out of scope include multiplayer functionality, advanced performance optimization, an advanced user interface and persistent storage.

- Gameplay scope
    Multiplayer or online mode
    AI opponents or competitive mechanics
    Procedural level generation
    Advance difficulty scaling algorithm
- User Interface (UI)
    Advanced animations and effects
    COMplex sound design
    Visual customization (themes, skins, etc..)
    Advanced sprites design and animations
- Technical
    Object pooling or performance optimization
    Advanced data storage (saving high scores to database or cloud)
    Cross-platform
- Marketing
    Monetization features (in-app purchases)
    Analytics
    DLC content
    App store optimization
